# Version 0.23 (05.2024)


### New Features:
- Added support for two-factor authentication via Google Authenticator. Detailed instructions are available [here](https://wiki.wildcore.tools/en/web-interface/user-settings-overview/).
- Support for C-Data FD16xx with updated FW3 version.
- Now you can set equipment/ONT coordinates using user geolocation.
- Added a new parameter `PROMETHEUS_EXPOSE`, allowing access to Prometheus in the network.
- Analytics now displays error growth on ports.
- Added daily growth statistics on the interface card with graphical representation.
- Added a host information button on the equipment status page, opening a modal with information from the pinger.
- Added protection against brute force attacks, which will be enabled by default. Also created an action named `security:auth_attempts` for configuring notification sending.
- Added the ability to remove IPs from the blacklist using the command: `wca security:reset:ipblock <IP_ADDRESS>`. Calling without specifying an IP will remove all IPs.
- On C-Data, BDcom, ZTE, Huawei OLTs, the `pon_profiles` module has been added to macros, which can be used for ONT configuration post-registration.
- The `<sleep X>` construction has been added to macros for waiting X seconds before executing the next command.
- Added the `<exception "Message">` construction to cancel macro execution under certain conditions.
- Added a new component `onts_registration` for universal ONT registration (ZTE, Huawei, C-Data, BDcom).
- Added a module to retrieve unregistered ONTs `unregistered_onts` for C-Data, BDcom.
- Improved highlighting of link statuses on switches.
- Added a new permission in OLTs roles -> ONT registration: `Allow view console output on error`, allowing viewing command execution.
- Now you can filter values in the list in macro parameters.
- Fixed some bugs in the web interface.

### Warnings:
- ONT registration components for ZTE/Huawei are marked as deprecated.
- Interface object changed for BDcom, C-Data (interface._onu_num -> interface._onu) - needs to be corrected in macros and registration.
- A new widget has been added for unregistered ONTs, manual replacement will be required.
- ONT registration components such as zte_onts_registration and huawei_onts_registration will be removed in version 0.24. Before that, check and transfer registration to the new component.
- Changes in ONT registration:
    - Different registration forms can be assigned for different ONT models.
    - Display condition check for the form now occurs on the client side.
    - Ability to filter the list for selection from a source using JS condition.
    - New visualization after ONT registration.
    - Added new constructions `<sleep>` and `<exception>`.
    - Changed template and parameter storage structure.
    - Added the ability to import/export templates.


### List of pages added/updated:
- Macros:
    - [Getting started](../components/macros/getting-started.md)
    - [Special commands](../components/macros/special-commands.md)
- Troubleshooting: 
    - [WildcoreDMS](../troubleshooting/agent/general.md)
    - [Device specific](../troubleshooting/agent/general.md)
    - [External apps](../troubleshooting/agent/general.md)
- [WCA-Tool utility](../wca-tool/index.md)
- [User settings](../web-interface/user-settings-overview.md)